As you build and test machine learning algorithms,
you might decide to engineer new features from your dataset.
There are quite a few different ways to make new features including,
creating categorical variables from numerical variables,
multiplying features together, or even gathering more data.
You might also try using ratios,
or taking the sum,
or difference between features.
If it makes sense in the context of your data,
a data engineer wouldn't necessarily decide what would be a good feature to engineer.
That would be the job of a data scientist.
However, an engineer might be asked to write
code that transforms data into a new feature.
Let's talk about one way of creating new features in more detail,
and then implement it in code.
Taking the polynomial of a feature,
say you have two features, x and y.
To make a new feature,
you could take the square of column x,
the cube of column x,
et cetera and append those new features to your dataset.
Then you could do the same thing with the y column.
To combine the features,
you might multiply them together x times y.
You can then also calculate x squared times y,
x times y squared,
and x squared times y squared.
You could keep going with higher-order polynomials as well.
Creating new features like this is especially useful if your model is underfitting.
Let's try implementing a few techniques to create new features.